[css-sizing-4] Update responsive-iframes-explainer.md (#13961)
w3c/csswg-drafts: css-sizing-4/responsive-iframes-explainer.md

## Privacy and security

Information about the contents of a cross-origin iframe can be exfiltrated by embedding it in a malicious document that observes the laid-out size of the iframe.

> This can be mitigated through use of the the `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP header to allow embedding into only trusted embedding documents,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be mitigated through use of the `Content-Security-Policy` HTTP header's [`frame-ancestors` value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/frame-ancestors) to allow embedding into only trusted embedding documents,
```

Author: Done, thanks for the suggestion.
